want to know what's heating up theaters
this weekend is this good right foot
taking the law into his own hands
a surgeon becomes a vigilante after his
wife and daughter are viciously attacked
in death wait give me a choice die or
become a sparrow in red sparrow a young
woman becomes a Russian intelligence
officer and is then forced to use her
body as a weapon anything this is what
you want men to call I'm sorry I did not
think that that's what that was about in
submission a college professor becomes
obsessed with a talented young student
endangering his marriage and his career
free now what's it gonna cost me see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
fantasy patient so what's your weekend
ticket going to be let us know by
commenting see you next time on weekend
ticket
[Music]